new behaviors about being one of them
but the out would be minimal now because
you want him to expect to come back to
you and tight you again and win if you
want to go this route we try to be wins
you're impressed he's a good dog he's so
strong oh my gosh you can't believe it
pretty soon he starts going yeah man
then one day when you feel him start
coming up that's when you start to focus
feel and start asking for the trade-off
of behavior so now he outs any pluses
and if you need a leash help if you need
to lure help do it it doesn't matter so
don't risk like losing your speed cause
you're expecting too much
Hey Oh Platz yes cost your toy again he
brings it back you fight he wins brings
back the fight he wins you can steal it
from him you throw it he brings it back
he fights you he wins then you out them
rewarding back for the out I'm just
saying this is how accessories so when
we're on the field right now we should
be doing more playing in masculine I
would but if I have a trial in November
when do I bring that feeling back yeah
I'd say let's see what happens you know
it's no he - he gives you like that
information okay all right that's how I
would look at okay if you have a
framework in your mind it's going to
publicly well screw them up I think it
might just conflict with lucky because
you're trying to make your credit
changes perception of things
you got great stuff going on